It's a shame that you missed such a great opportunity.
Kitty shot her an appalled look, but Ann ignored it and kept her eyes locked on Martimano.
There are only three statewide contests in the past half-century in which recounts changed the outcome.
Please don't call Tom back.
I played a tennis match with her and was surprised at how strong she was.
Reverend Pong will say when to put them on.
It was said that the Doctor frequently took tea in the morning at an old teahouse there, and so it was that one morning Judge Fang happened to drop in on the place.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Be careful not to repeat the same mistake.
That's what makes this the queen of Parmesans.
The logic of the chain is at work in situations ranging from mountain climbing to the space shuttle to aesthetic judgment—situations in which the quality of components or subparts matters.
This was not highly unusual, in and of itself; chevalines were smart enough to be sent out in search of specific persons.
You'd better show me that too.
Not the way they're doing it.
No children were in the park.
Are you sure?
It's bringing tears to my eyes.
He imagined an antelope racing for its life across a dusty savannah, and behind it, a streaking blur.
One of the few remaining great hall central hearths in action, at Penshurst Place, built in 1341.
I mean, I'm just not at that stage where I...
Can you just... drop me off at a corner somewhere?
“The last thing I want to do is disqualify a runner,” the race director said, “but Rick left us no choice.”
He comes down on Thursday at the latest, very likely on Wednesday.
Tell SIS I want full surveillance.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Twenty-five percent of your take-home kicks back to me.
The essential flavor of any dish starts with the fat it's cooked in.
And you taught me that it takes a lot of olive oil to make sofrito.
He had to be joking.
Next I was put into the care of the King of the Birds.
The big, fat flaw in Rick Fisher’s plan was the fact that the Leadville race happens to be held in Leadville.
“Yes, madam,” said Mrs. Bennet, delighted to speak to Lady Catherine.
When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were mentioned in terms of such mortifying, yet merited reproach, her sense of shame was severe.
In his own mind, he believed in courage, boldness, motivation, and push.
Most of the flavor of meat is in its fat.
“Maggie,” the woman said.
I got a wife.
Braniff International had also reacted to the new era by adding new long-haul routes.
It is just like music.
I said, "fuck you."
The fact that the most popular Apple laptops are still spec'd to have a max of 16 GB of RAM is exactly why I am building Mighty.
Do you sell these?
He'll meet you at BJ's on Alvarado... at 2 a.m.
No, I didn't think so.
The next morning I excused myself from Dojo’s cave and went back down to the beach, where the other three dinosaurs had already gathered, looking much the worse for wear as you can imagine.
My sister and I take turns cooking meals.
Friday the 13th is good!
Tom seemed happy enough.
