“Wait,” I said, starting to understand.
Bill Gates sold only .7% of his stock in Microsoft's IPO.
What the hell is this?
I often go shopping in Shibuya on Sundays.
One by one, all the most interesting writers are moving to Substack.
Keep it going.
Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground.
Fuck that was cool.
Target.com just made my book disappear.
So elaborate waiting-room etiquette had flourished, and sophisticated people all over the world understood that when they called upon someone, even a close friend, they could expect to spend some time sipping tea and perusing magazines in a front room infested with unobtrusive surveillance equipment.
But the amazing thing about this ragù is we are layering so many different kinds of fat into it.
He gives powerful lectures about Islam.
Sami kind of didn't care about that.
The diagnosis for the situation should replace the overwhelming complexity of reality with a simpler story, a story that calls attention to its crucial aspects.
All right, I'll see you.
It would have spared her, she thought, one sleepless night out of two.
No, not for me, it wasn't.
Precisely.
Vegas and the Super Bowl cleaned me out.
I do, um, letterheads and logotypes at night... and the store's a day job till I get enough going.
If we want to leave poverty behind while bringing emissions to zero we have to bring this line to zero.
I got an iPhone as a present to celebrate my passing the high school entrance exam.
If she isn't, cremating her was a big mistake.
Thinking about her store, Stephanie diagnosed her challenge to be competition with the local supermarket.
Let's have a party now that the project has been completed successfully.
I want to invest in what I think will yield a profit.
Lady Catherine, it appeared, had actually taken the trouble of this journey from Rosings, for the sole purpose of breaking off her supposed engagement with Mr. Darcy.
What are you doing?
The view of Earth is spectacular.
And then when I came to you, you taught me the simplest way.
And of course, many more traditional activities were going on, such as douching, makeup removal, moisturizing, and the like.
Nature is never finished.
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.
Learning from others can be more than simply listening to them, watching them, or reading what they write.
He doesn't talk about scores with Charlene... so there's nothing for me to get from Marciano.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really planning to do that.
When you see Lilly, give her that note.
What about the girls?
Food doesn't have to be complicated to be delicious.
It looks like a woman's purse.
“Cool!” the prisoner suddenly exclaimed, swiveling his head around in a spray of dreadlocks, trying as best he could to look down and back over his freckled shoulder.
This was praise, of all others most extraordinary, most opposite to her ideas.
America forms the longest and straightest bone in the earth's skeleton.
He brought it with him for us to see.
They made me.
We have been at Level 5 lockdown in Ireland since October 21st.
I'm just saying.
It was careless of you not to lock the door.
