Please, take those off!
There were also some samples of calligraphy dangling here and there, probably snatches of poetry.
I don't want the lipstick that much.
What have you got for me?
I've got to meet my dad.
The city increased in population by 20 percent over the last five years.
Oil heaters consume more electricity than I expected.
“I’ll be the judge of who does and doesn’t make a warrior,” Dojo said.
Tom sprained his wrist on October 20th.
Only okay.
Usually Nell would just go back to her little cottage during these times, but sometimes, especially if the moon was full, she would wander around in the garden.
A formal apology was not long in coming, and she did not hear again from the young man.
The old woman is a doctor.
There are too many moving parts.
Tom told Mary exactly what she wanted to know.
I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc.
Sami brought forward more damning evidence against Layla.
I got a package for you.
All women like diamonds.
It didn’t, yet the doctrine of motivation and “one last push” continued for three months, despite appalling losses.
Is there a bus stop near your house?
Either that, or I turn you in.
For centuries, it was common for rural Italian families to raise two or three pigs each year.
This is the noble part of the fat.
Where the fuck did this heat come from?
You have a tight family.
Would you shut up and help me?
This projection had nothing to do with competition, supply, demand, capacity, or market forces.
Sometimes for a lasagna, I make it only with a soft flour, because I want a really silky, soft noodle.
The recipe for this cheese is simple.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
It's not a purse.
Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
Aye—that is because you have the right disposition.
We fitted into single file and shuffled into an easy jog.
Who’s Burt?
It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known, because if it were to get round to the lady’s family, it would be an unpleasant thing.
I was trying to ski.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
I'm a needle starting at zero going the other way, a double blank.
A scientist tests a belief by experiment or by the analysis of real-world data.
A substantial portion of Russian regional governors have plagiarized PhD theses.
It is better to rust out than wear out.
Elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning, but Mrs. Bennet, who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the affair as she wished, was excessively disappointed.
Even your breakfast burrito plays a role; Lieberman’s investigations had revealed that as our diet shifted over the centuries from chewy stuff like raw roots and wild game and gave way to mushy cooked staples like spaghetti and ground beef, our faces began to shrink.
Goddamn convention.
It was spotted Saturday by patrol aircraft.
More precisely, a star’s speed in its swing about the core should be proportional to the inverse square root of its distance from the center.
