Oh, my God.
That's what it looks like out there.
I am automatically not interested in any home-<whatever> system with a Windows (or Mac) computer at the heart of it.
“Goat’s blood is good,” Billy kept insisting.
Watch out, the weather can change suddenly in the mountains.
Vegetables, grains, and legumes contain all the amino acids necessary to build muscle from scratch.
Mommy, could you zip up my big boy pants.
He was bent over using a trowel to extract a steaming turd from the emerald grass.
“You are still looking five to ten years ahead?” I query.
Don't worry, that clock is 10 minutes fast.
By 1890, this stream of religious philosophy had morphed into a set of mystical beliefs in the power of thought to affect the material world beyond the self.
There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men.
I have just a few questions to ask, so I'll get out my official forms.
A magic book.
I have something for you.
Did you go by the village of Kympton?
What am I tasting for?
Somewhere, someone's trying to put it together for him.
Her father lifted up his eyes.
Just as an individual cannot solve five problems at once, most organizations concentrate on a few critical issues at any one time.
There must be quite a few things that a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
It's not just airlines that compete with airlines.
That's something I need to know about.
Then pray speak aloud.
“Wait,” I said, starting to understand.
Bill Gates sold only .7% of his stock in Microsoft's IPO.
What the hell is this?
I often go shopping in Shibuya on Sundays.
One by one, all the most interesting writers are moving to Substack.
Keep it going.
Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground.
Fuck that was cool.
Target.com just made my book disappear.
So elaborate waiting-room etiquette had flourished, and sophisticated people all over the world understood that when they called upon someone, even a close friend, they could expect to spend some time sipping tea and perusing magazines in a front room infested with unobtrusive surveillance equipment.
But the amazing thing about this ragù is we are layering so many different kinds of fat into it.
He gives powerful lectures about Islam.
Sami kind of didn't care about that.
The diagnosis for the situation should replace the overwhelming complexity of reality with a simpler story, a story that calls attention to its crucial aspects.
All right, I'll see you.
It would have spared her, she thought, one sleepless night out of two.
No, not for me, it wasn't.
Precisely.
Vegas and the Super Bowl cleaned me out.
I do, um, letterheads and logotypes at night... and the store's a day job till I get enough going.
If we want to leave poverty behind while bringing emissions to zero we have to bring this line to zero.
I got an iPhone as a present to celebrate my passing the high school entrance exam.
If she isn't, cremating her was a big mistake.
Thinking about her store, Stephanie diagnosed her challenge to be competition with the local supermarket.
