Everybody, listen up, listen up, listen up.
I had my wallet stolen in the train.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
It is fascinating, really.
It didn't occur to me till a few minutes later, but this is exactly what I'm always nagging founders to do.
The business grew, paying his way through law school at UCLA.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
That's why the respirators.
It really says that?
And when you hear the sizzle, you can add it all.
God cannot alter the past, though historians can.
Elizabeth related to Jane the next day what had passed between Mr. Wickham and herself.
When Fiona’s mother came by in a little half-lane car to pick her up, and saw her daughter’s red and ruinous face, an expression of black rage came over her own visage and she drove Fiona away without so much as a glance at Nell.
I'm getting a lot better at French.
Thank you.
Will you tell him who you are?
We went to a French restaurant to celebrate her birthday.
The ship sank, but the basket containing the two babies bobbed like a cork on the ocean until the mermaids came and found them.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
That she should receive an offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy!
What did Frances leave me?
It must be very agreeable for her to be settled within so easy a distance of her own family and friends.
Remember the good old days, when the CDC figured out things about infectious diseases before ordinary people?
I've been learning Finnish for over ten years, and I still have trouble understanding it.
Oh, my God.
That's what it looks like out there.
I am automatically not interested in any home-<whatever> system with a Windows (or Mac) computer at the heart of it.
“Goat’s blood is good,” Billy kept insisting.
Watch out, the weather can change suddenly in the mountains.
Vegetables, grains, and legumes contain all the amino acids necessary to build muscle from scratch.
Mommy, could you zip up my big boy pants.
He was bent over using a trowel to extract a steaming turd from the emerald grass.
“You are still looking five to ten years ahead?” I query.
Don't worry, that clock is 10 minutes fast.
By 1890, this stream of religious philosophy had morphed into a set of mystical beliefs in the power of thought to affect the material world beyond the self.
There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men.
I have just a few questions to ask, so I'll get out my official forms.
A magic book.
I have something for you.
Did you go by the village of Kympton?
What am I tasting for?
Somewhere, someone's trying to put it together for him.
Her father lifted up his eyes.
Just as an individual cannot solve five problems at once, most organizations concentrate on a few critical issues at any one time.
There must be quite a few things that a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
It's not just airlines that compete with airlines.
That's something I need to know about.
Then pray speak aloud.
