He studied in various Islamic schools.
Interesting point: Elevators increase segregation.
But Manuel Luna had spent a year reflecting on gringo-style racing, and he’d done a nice job of briefing his new teammates.
Standing in the hangar-sized Hughes Electronics fabrication facility, I marvel at the huge communications satellite.
You only die once.
In the United State, people usually have their teeth straightened at a young age.
Dr. Bramble then focused on a little-known tendon behind the head known as the nuchal ligament.
We do not know.
As a start-up, this had been the company’s only activity and the team was justly proud of their accomplishment.
I don't live in this neighborhood.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
The odds against his race coming off were roughly—actually, there were no odds.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
It's a damn shame.
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
But before they could even make themselves comfortable, a hissing hyena with red eyes and dripping fangs came and chased them all away.
And you were standing there at the end of the of the kitchen, just chopping like this.
These are the kinds of things it would never occur to you to eat if you were just looking at that pig's head.
My father insisted that we should go.
The trouble with super heroes is what to do between phone booths.
One example of good strategy in which you can see the coordinated elements of design is the U.S. heavy-truck business.
How is such a man to be worked on?
Congress allocated $25 billion to testing in April—that was far too little.
It's a shame that you missed such a great opportunity.
Kitty shot her an appalled look, but Ann ignored it and kept her eyes locked on Martimano.
There are only three statewide contests in the past half-century in which recounts changed the outcome.
Please don't call Tom back.
I played a tennis match with her and was surprised at how strong she was.
Reverend Pong will say when to put them on.
It was said that the Doctor frequently took tea in the morning at an old teahouse there, and so it was that one morning Judge Fang happened to drop in on the place.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Be careful not to repeat the same mistake.
That's what makes this the queen of Parmesans.
The logic of the chain is at work in situations ranging from mountain climbing to the space shuttle to aesthetic judgment—situations in which the quality of components or subparts matters.
This was not highly unusual, in and of itself; chevalines were smart enough to be sent out in search of specific persons.
You'd better show me that too.
Not the way they're doing it.
No children were in the park.
Are you sure?
It's bringing tears to my eyes.
He imagined an antelope racing for its life across a dusty savannah, and behind it, a streaking blur.
One of the few remaining great hall central hearths in action, at Penshurst Place, built in 1341.
I mean, I'm just not at that stage where I...
Can you just... drop me off at a corner somewhere?
“The last thing I want to do is disqualify a runner,” the race director said, “but Rick left us no choice.”
He comes down on Thursday at the latest, very likely on Wednesday.
Tell SIS I want full surveillance.
