Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Twenty-five percent of your take-home kicks back to me.
The essential flavor of any dish starts with the fat it's cooked in.
And you taught me that it takes a lot of olive oil to make sofrito.
He had to be joking.
Next I was put into the care of the King of the Birds.
The big, fat flaw in Rick Fisher’s plan was the fact that the Leadville race happens to be held in Leadville.
“Yes, madam,” said Mrs. Bennet, delighted to speak to Lady Catherine.
When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were mentioned in terms of such mortifying, yet merited reproach, her sense of shame was severe.
In his own mind, he believed in courage, boldness, motivation, and push.
Most of the flavor of meat is in its fat.
“Maggie,” the woman said.
I got a wife.
Braniff International had also reacted to the new era by adding new long-haul routes.
It is just like music.
I said, "fuck you."
The fact that the most popular Apple laptops are still spec'd to have a max of 16 GB of RAM is exactly why I am building Mighty.
Do you sell these?
He'll meet you at BJ's on Alvarado... at 2 a.m.
No, I didn't think so.
The next morning I excused myself from Dojo’s cave and went back down to the beach, where the other three dinosaurs had already gathered, looking much the worse for wear as you can imagine.
My sister and I take turns cooking meals.
Friday the 13th is good!
Tom seemed happy enough.
Please, take those off!
There were also some samples of calligraphy dangling here and there, probably snatches of poetry.
I don't want the lipstick that much.
What have you got for me?
I've got to meet my dad.
The city increased in population by 20 percent over the last five years.
Oil heaters consume more electricity than I expected.
“I’ll be the judge of who does and doesn’t make a warrior,” Dojo said.
Tom sprained his wrist on October 20th.
Only okay.
Usually Nell would just go back to her little cottage during these times, but sometimes, especially if the moon was full, she would wander around in the garden.
A formal apology was not long in coming, and she did not hear again from the young man.
The old woman is a doctor.
There are too many moving parts.
Tom told Mary exactly what she wanted to know.
I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc.
Sami brought forward more damning evidence against Layla.
I got a package for you.
All women like diamonds.
It didn’t, yet the doctrine of motivation and “one last push” continued for three months, despite appalling losses.
Is there a bus stop near your house?
Either that, or I turn you in.
For centuries, it was common for rural Italian families to raise two or three pigs each year.
This is the noble part of the fat.
