But, another force, entropy, is also at work.
Copy that.
We've still got time before our departure, so shall we look around for gifts?
So this, this and this becomes the soppressata.
Lakes, mountains, and rivers shall not be jumbled together in our imaginations; nor when we attempt to describe any particular scene, will we begin quarreling about its relative situation.
Well, actually, it's just basic chemistry...
“Looks good,” he called.
Attempts to produce vaccines for the two other known human coronavirus diseases were unsuccessful.
You just gonna sit there?
I'm trying to peel the cheese off the bottom of the pot.
That’s big bucks for sneaks you’ll have to toss in the garbage in ninety days, but at least you’ll never limp again.
Tom has friends in Australia.
What does runaway spread look like?
3D map of US COVID cases, March 1st to November 10.
When you get on the escalator, you stand on one side so that those in a hurry can walk up the other side.
“Sorry—,” I began, but his face was already back in the beans.
As Ann was cresting the mountain, Juan was taking a seat on a rock and examining what was left of the strap.
You running a revolving tail?
And you keep doing things you’re not supposed to.
“She’d get so nuts, guys on the men’s team would wrestle her down and carry her back to her room,” Jessie Polini, her best friend at UNC, said.
I mean, that no man in his senses would marry Lydia on so slight a temptation as one hundred a year during my life, and fifty after I am gone.
I’d met Eric the year before, right after I’d thrown off my running shoes in disgust and sprawled in an icy creek.
The Diamond Palace of Source Victoria glittered peach and amber as it caught the sunrise, which was still hidden behind the mountain.
I'm thinking of leaving the company and starting my own business next year.
He studied in various Islamic schools.
Interesting point: Elevators increase segregation.
But Manuel Luna had spent a year reflecting on gringo-style racing, and he’d done a nice job of briefing his new teammates.
Standing in the hangar-sized Hughes Electronics fabrication facility, I marvel at the huge communications satellite.
You only die once.
In the United State, people usually have their teeth straightened at a young age.
Dr. Bramble then focused on a little-known tendon behind the head known as the nuchal ligament.
We do not know.
As a start-up, this had been the company’s only activity and the team was justly proud of their accomplishment.
I don't live in this neighborhood.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
The odds against his race coming off were roughly—actually, there were no odds.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
It's a damn shame.
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
But before they could even make themselves comfortable, a hissing hyena with red eyes and dripping fangs came and chased them all away.
And you were standing there at the end of the of the kitchen, just chopping like this.
These are the kinds of things it would never occur to you to eat if you were just looking at that pig's head.
My father insisted that we should go.
The trouble with super heroes is what to do between phone booths.
One example of good strategy in which you can see the coordinated elements of design is the U.S. heavy-truck business.
How is such a man to be worked on?
Congress allocated $25 billion to testing in April—that was far too little.
